## Hi there, I'm Chris

I write software for a living and I'm pretty serious about doing it well while having a lot fun. I
believe people are happiest when they context, skills, authority and autonomy to understand and
solve business-level problems.

### Skills

Product engineer with a systems background -- solving business problems quickly while paving the
way for rapid iteration. Experience writing Python, C++, Rust, Golang, SQL, Javascript /
Typescript and more. Knowledgeable in enterprise software deployment, both on-premise and SAAS.
Designed, built and deployed front-end / back-end / infrastructure software including web services
and enterprise storage. Passionate about engineering excellence and observability and have written
multiple full- stack observability tools. 10+ years of experience leading teams that make
customers happy, be they internal or external.

## Past Experience

### Lacework -- 2021 - Present

Joined Lacework as part of the agent team, focused on deployments (Helm, Apt, Ansible, etc).
Founded and led new team called Agent Scale. Defined mission/vision/roadmap for the team and
mentored the engineers on the team. Delivered proactive alerts in 30 days. Identified, pitched and
injected critical momentum into new project to improve customer time to value (120 minutes down to
5 minutes). Introduced new tooling (Github Actions, Earthly, Tilt) to dramatically improve
developer productivity. Selected to be part of team, including chief architect, that spent 3
months defining and prototyping the future technology stack for Lacework’s data pipelines and
APIs. Part of team that reworked an unloved part of the platform UI in 6 weeks.

### Materialize -- 2020 - 2021

Joined Materialize to help build their cloud offering, internal benchmarking tools and rust-based
database.

### Flowmill -- 2019 - 2020

Joined Flowmill to work on their C++, eBPF agents and low-latency data processing pipeline. Took
over as platform lead, learning Kubernetes, Helm, KOPS and Terraform on the job. Built self-serve
tools to enable engineers to run their own deployments, reduced per-tenant costs by over 50% and
automated POC deployments (previously a 4-hour process).  Additional responsibilities included
customer support, recruiting, planning, onboarding and mentoring.

### Pure Storage -- 2011 - 2019

Joined Pure Storage as a member of the original team that built FlashArray and contributed to Pure
Storage’s explosive growth.  Designed and built multiple foundational features including
phonehome, alerting, snapshots, array analytics and build and test systems. Spent time learning
from customers, co-authored the engineering ladder, and helped interview, hire and retain top
talent. Defined the technical vision for multiple teams, the first focused on non-disruptive
upgrades, the second on developer productivity and the third on building observability tools
directly into FlashArray.

### Ironport Systems -- 2005 - 2011

Joined IronPort in time to watch it grow 50% in 18 months before the acquisition by Cisco Systems
in 2007.

## Interests

Outside of software engineering, my main interests are my family (I have young kids). I'm also a
big fan of USC Football (my alma mater) and I enjoy reading about and watching Formula1.
